Kijokan
Difficult story
Ф
Domnią
simple
lt stiis
Freeze
Specifically
I have a lot of friends.
I see people who are not well off.
They are not well-off.
I see people who are not well-off.
I don't wish to be hit by a car.
But I don't want to be hit by a car.
I have a friend.
He was hit by a truck.
He was in a critical condition for more than three weeks.
But he had no money.
He was in a critical condition for five yen.
He couldn't go because he was in a truck.
He was in a truck with a truckload of money.
It was a truckload of money.
He was hit by a truckload of money.
He broke his arm.
He was in a critical condition.
He was surprised.
He asked, what happened?
Did you get hurt?
He said, I didn't get hurt.
Why did you break your arm?
He said, I feel sorry for you.
You are in a critical condition.
He was in a critical condition.
His mother, Tokiwakozen, was in a critical condition.
His husband, Yoshitomo, was born in a house.
He wanted to play with his wife.
He went to the city of Kawaramachi on the city road of Kyoto.
He went to the Cultural Department.
He is a madam.
He uses the high school.
He is a good businessman.
He doesn't need education.
He can buy a little money.
It's good to buy a little money.
And he has a service room under the sink.
When he walked on thato arose,
he kicked his-
Finally he led to his grave.
I weighed so hard that I felt like sad sorry,
that I there was someone crazy
I wouldn't turn away from a bloody struggle.
He was going to pay for the foot bath.
He was a very different man.
He closed one eye and bowed his head.
That was called a wink.
The highest level of the shuha.
First, he had to say the fine play of Nagashime.
He closed one eye and said,
If it's shuha, it's Yamamoto Kansuke's third time.
He was sending shuha to the shuha.
He was very happy.